clarify multiple identifiers (#285)
ietf-wg-wimse/draft-ietf-wimse-s2s-protocol: draft-ietf-wimse-workload-creds.md

Each WIMSE credential carries exactly one Workload Identifier ({{WIMSE-ID}}) that is used for authentication and authorization. Requiring a single identifier per credential keeps authorization and auditing unambiguous and aligns with common practice for workload X.509 certificates (for example, a single URI in an X.509-SVID).

> For a Workload Identity Token, that identifier is the value of the `sub` claim. For a Workload Identity Certificate, that identifier is carried in the single URI SubjectAltName described in {{to-wic}}. Deployments that distinguish several labels for the same runtime (for example a stable service identity and a specific instance) MUST place only one identity into it.

Reviewer: suggest replacing "identity" with "identifier'

```suggestion
For a Workload Identity Token, that identifier is the value of the `sub` claim. For a Workload Identity Certificate, that identifier is carried in the single URI SubjectAltName described in {{to-wic}}. Deployments that distinguish several labels for the same runtime (for example a stable service identity and a specific instance) MUST place only one identifier into it.
```

For a Workload Identity Token, that identifier is the value of the `sub` claim. For a Workload Identity Certificate, that identifier is carried in the single URI SubjectAltName described in {{to-wic}}.

> Deployments that distinguish several labels for the same runtime (for example a stable service identity and a specific instance) MUST place the identity required for the access decision in that one credential. Additional correlation for logging or operations MUST NOT be encoded as a second Workload Identifier in the same WIT or WIC. This restriction applies only to Workload Identifiers; a credential MAY carry other identifiers, such as the `jti` claim or a DNSName SubjectAltName, for correlation, interoperability, or integration purposes. Deployments MAY use other mechanisms, such as the optional `jti` claim, separate credentials, or additional claims as described in {{add-claims}}.

Reviewer 2: This is confusing: `jti` appears in both the 3rd and the last sentence. I think the two sentences should be consolidated.

Author: Updated, please take a look

Reviewer: Is this really about the value that is acceptable as a sub claim in the WIT? Perhaps something like this (although this does not quite work for WICs).

```suggestion
Deployments that distinguish several labels for the same runtime (for example a stable service identity and a specific instance) MUST use the identity required for the access decision as the `sub` claim in the credential. Additional correlation for logging or operations MUST NOT be encoded as a second Workload Identifier in the `sub` claim in the same WIT or WIC. This restriction applies only to Workload Identifiers; a credential MAY carry other identifiers, such as the `jti` claim or a DNSName SubjectAltName, for correlation, interoperability, or integration purposes. Deployments MAY use other mechanisms, such as the optional `jti` claim, separate credentials, or additional claims as described in {{add-claims}}.
```

Author: I believe that context is already given by the previous paragraph.

> For a Workload Identity Token, that identifier is the value of the `sub` claim. For a Workload Identity Certificate, that identifier is carried in the single URI SubjectAltName described in {{to-wic}}.

Reviewer: It did not carry over for me, so perhaps just being explicit helps other readers (reading"that credential" did not build the bridge to the previous paragraph - but I was also in a rush reading it)? Alternatively reference back to the previous paragraph perhaps?

The term Worklod Identitfier itself becomes nuanced - I can imagine someone using a WIMSE/SPIFFE workload identifier for the 'sub' claim and then also using it for another identifier (or maybe just using a URI). so being explicit about which claim carries the workload identifier is perhaps the real thing to make sure readers understand.

Author: @PieterKas I moved the sentence in question into the prior paragraph. I think that makes it a bit more clear. WDYT?

Reviewer: The change works, I made on editorial suggestion.
